{
  "number": 3808,
  "title": "Documentation changes for graph build",
  "body": "Rollup issue for things that should be documented as a result of the static graph work.\r\n\r\n## [MSBuild concepts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-concepts)\r\n\r\n- [ ] Overview (somewhere)\r\n\r\n## [MSBuild command-line reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference)\r\n\r\n- [ ] `/graphBuild` (#3806)\r\n- [ ] `/isolateProjects` (#3711)\r\n\r\n## [Common MSBuild project properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/common-msbuild-project-properties)\r\n\r\n- [ ] `ProjectReferenceTargetsForBuild`, `ProjectReferenceTargetsForClean`, `ProjectReferenceTargetsForRebuild` (#3800)\r\n\r\n## [Common MSBuild Project Items](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/common-msbuild-project-items)\r\n\r\n- [ ] `ProjectReferenceTargets` (#3800)\r\n\r\n",
  "state": "OPEN",
  "createdAt": "2018-09-27T19:04:10Z",
  "updatedAt": "2024-02-21T16:32:44Z",
  "closedAt": null,
  "author": {
    "login": "rainersigwald"
  },
  "labels": [
    "Area: Documentation",
    "Area: Static Graph",
    "triaged"
  ],
  "assignees": {
    "nodes": []
  },
  "milestone": null,
  "comments": {
    "nodes": [
      {
        "body": "@mikejo5000 what should our strategy be for documenting new features for dev16 that we're developing? I assume we shouldn't update the live docs site with information that's not yet true . . .",
        "createdAt": "2018-09-27T19:05:17Z",
        "updatedAt": "2018-09-27T19:05:17Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "rainersigwald"
        }
      },
      {
        "body": "@rainersigwald I will ask about it; at some point, we will publish dev16 preview content, but I haven't seen any dates yet. I would guess that anything that needs to be said prior to first doc release will need to be in release notes and blog posts. @douge",
        "createdAt": "2018-09-27T20:23:22Z",
        "updatedAt": "2018-09-27T20:23:22Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "Mikejo5000"
        }
      },
      {
        "body": "Also, I presume we might be getting a drop-down for dev16 content, like the new VS2017 / VS2015 dropdown on the doc site.",
        "createdAt": "2018-09-27T20:27:26Z",
        "updatedAt": "2018-09-27T20:27:26Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "Mikejo5000"
        }
      },
      {
        "body": "No date yet for publishing dev16 preview content...",
        "createdAt": "2018-09-28T00:21:26Z",
        "updatedAt": "2018-09-28T00:21:26Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "Mikejo5000"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}