{
  "number": 8409,
  "title": "Remove response prefix from ResponseFileUsedEventArgs and derivates",
  "body": "Fixes #\r\n\r\n### Context\r\n#8146 added the ability to include used response files in the binlog viewer. However, as noted by @KirillOsenkov, it should be expandable for all kinds of used files (https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/8146#issuecomment-1353867065), removing the \"Response\" prefix. \r\n\r\n### Changes Made\r\n- Renamed `ResponseFileUsedEventArgs` to `FileUsedEventArgs`\r\n- Renamed `BinaryLogRecordKind.ResponseFileUsed` to `BinaryLogRecordKind.FileUsed`\r\n- Renamed `LoggingEventType.ResponseFileUsedEvent` to `LoggingEventType.FileUsedEvent`\r\n- Renamed `WriteResponseFileUsedEventToStream` to `WriteFileUsedEventToStream`\r\n- Renamed `ReadResponseFileUsedEventFromStream` to `ReadFileUsedEventFromStream`\r\n\r\n### Testing\r\n\r\n\r\n### Notes\r\n",
  "state": "CLOSED",
  "createdAt": "2023-02-07T09:16:10Z",
  "updatedAt": "2023-02-07T21:51:26Z",
  "closedAt": "2023-02-07T21:51:26Z",
  "mergedAt": null,
  "additions": 57,
  "deletions": 57,
  "changedFiles": 9,
  "headRefName": "edvilme-file-used",
  "isDraft": true,
  "author": {
    "login": "edvilme"
  },
  "milestone": null,
  "assignees": {
    "nodes": []
  },
  "labels": [],
  "commits": {
    "nodes": [
      {
        "commit": {
          "oid": "2ecbafab67bb23a34b6871dcd14341e2745a4a5c",
          "message": "Remove response prefix from ResponseFileUsedEventArgs and derivates",
          "committedDate": "2023-02-07T09:05:38Z",
          "author": {
            "name": "Eduardo Villalpando Mello",
            "email": "eduardo.villalpando.mello@gmail.com"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "comments": {
    "nodes": [
      {
        "body": "I think this introduces breaking changes, so I am making this a draft PR open to consideration.\r\nUpdate: it does.",
        "createdAt": "2023-02-07T09:24:06Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "edvilme"
        }
      },
      {
        "body": "Yes, unfortunately I think we missed the window on this rename since the event types are public and the `ResponseFile` names shipped in 17.5. We can change the doc comments on the types to indicate that they are more generic, though . . .",
        "createdAt": "2023-02-07T15:24:25Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "rainersigwald"
        }
      },
      {
        "body": "Or we could see if a TypeForwardedTo can help here.\r\n\r\nBut honestly, it's OK to just drop it. YAGNI. Not worth the headache.",
        "createdAt": "2023-02-07T18:28:53Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "KirillOsenkov"
        }
      },
      {
        "body": "Alright. I will close the pr then \ud83d\ude2c",
        "createdAt": "2023-02-07T21:51:02Z",
        "author": {
          "login": "edvilme"
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "reviewThreads": {
    "nodes": []
  }
}